Carly: SO, JACK,
ANYONE TRY TO SELL YOU
ANY DUEL RUNNERS RECENTLY?
Jack: NO.
BUMMER.
THAT'S AN ODD QUESTION.
WHY DO YOU ASK?
I'M TRYING TO CRACK
A STORY.
♪
APPARENTLY, THERE'S SOME
SORT OF ORGANIZED GANG
RUNNING AROUND THE CITY
AND STEALING DUEL RUNNERS.
I'M ACTUALLY NOT SURPRISED THAT
YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT THIS.
SO ACCORDING TO MY SOURCE,
SECTOR SECURITY DOESN'T
KNOW WHO'S BEHIND IT
OR HOW THEY'RE SMUGGLING
THE RUNNERS OUT OF THE CITY,
AND THEY'RE ALL EMBARRASSED
SO THEY'RE TRYING TO
KEEP IT HUSH HUSH.
THE CURRENT THEORY
IS THAT WHOEVER'S
STEALING THE RUNNERS
IS SELLING THEM
ON THE BLACK MARKET,
BUT THEY DON'T KNOW
THAT FOR SURE.
VERY INTERESTING.
I'M STAKING OUT
A DEALERSHIP TONIGHT.
WANNA TAG ALONG?
Carly: LOOK!
HUH.
[ALARM SOUNDS]
AH!
♪
[CAMERA CLICKING]
Jack: COMING THROUGH!
HUH?
Carly: JACK!!
HA HA!
THAT WAS EASY!
Jack: HEY! YOU!
-HUH?
Jack:
WHERE DO YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING
WITH THOSE DUEL RUNNERS?!
DIDN'T YOUR MOMMIES TEACH YOU
NOT TO TAKE WHAT ISN'T YOURS?!
BUG OFF, YA
LITTLE PEST!
DON'T DO IT! SYD, STOP!
AH!!
AAH!
UH!
ARGH!
HEH! I GUESS
WE'RE DOWN A MEMBER.
HEY, PAL!
UH...
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
WHY DID YOU GO
AND PROTECT ME?
COME ON, SAY SOMETHING!
Trudge: JACK!?
TRUDGE! THERE'S THIS GANG,
AND THEY--
KAZ! HANG IN THERE, BUDDY!
MEDICAL'S ON THE WAY!
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, JACK?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY OFFICER?
THIS BLOKE IS AN OFFICER?!
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'VE DONE, ATLAS!?
YOU'VE LANDED A GOOD
OFFICER IN A COMA
AND BLOWN A VERY
IMPORTANT CASE!
WHAT WAS KAZ EVEN
DOING WITH THEM?
MY INSIDE SOURCES
TOLD ME
THAT YOU GUYS HAD,
LIKE, NO LEADS AT ALL.
ARGH!
THAT'S WHAT WE WANTED
THE RUMOR TO BE.
WE WANTED SYD
TO BE COMFORTABLE
SO THAT HE WOULD THINK
HE WAS GETTING AWAY WITH IT.
SYD BARLOW AND HIS
GANG OF GRUNTS
ARE THE LITTLE FISH AND WE'RE
TRYING TO CATCH THE BIG FISH.
WE NEED TO KNOW WHERE
THE MONEY TRAIL LEADS,
WHO'S CONTROLLING
THE BLACK MARKET...
SO KAZ WENT UNDERCOVER.
HE SPENT MONTHS PRETENDING
TO BE ONE OF THEM,
GETTING CLOSER TO SYD,
GAINING HIS TRUST,
GATHERING INFO AND PUTTING
THE PIECES TOGETHER.
Crow: SO HE WAS YOUR
ONLY INSIDE GUY?
AND WITHOUT HIM,
YOUR CASE GOES COLD?
Trudge: PRETTY MUCH.
WE STILL DON'T KNOW WHERE
THEY'RE TAKING THE RUNNERS,
HOW THEY'RE GETTING THEM---
Yusei: JACK,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M GOING TO BORROW
THIS CARD.
BORROW IT FOR WHAT?
DON'T MESS THINGS UP
MORE THAN YOU ALREADY HAVE.
JACK, LET'S JUST
CALL IT A DAY.
Crow: YEAH. DON'T RUN OUT
AND DO SOMETHING DUMB.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
THIS IS MY MESS AND
I'M GONNA CLEAN IT UP.
HANG ON, JACK.
DON'T DO
DUMB STUFF!
JACK!...
Jack: YOU KNOW WHERE
I CAN SELL SOME DUEL RUNNERS
ON THE DOWN LOW?
DEPENDS ON WHERE THESE
RUNNERS CAME FROM.
I THINK THEY MIGHT'VE
FALLEN OFF
THE BACK OF A TRUCK
OR SOMETHING.
WHAT A SHAME.
I MIGHT KNOW SOMEONE WHO COULD
TAKE 'EM OFF YOUR HANDS...
HOW MUCH WOULD THAT
INFO BE WORTH TO YOU?
I'D SAY IT'S WORTH
ABOUT TEN PERCENT.
THAT SOUNDS ABOUT RIGHT.
GIMME ONE SEC...
[CHUCKLES]
YA' DIDN'T GET
THIS FROM ME.
OF COURSE NOT.
♪
Man over phone: YEAH.
Gus: IT'S ME...
I GOT SOMEONE
DIGGIN' AROUND.
I SENT HIM YOUR WAY.
BE SURE TO GIVE HIM
A WARM WELCOME.
♪
Jack:
THAT SLIMEBALL'S DIRECTIONS
SAY THERE SHOULD BE A DOOR HERE
AT THE END OF THIS ALLEY.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT.
-Thief C: SURPRISE!
-AH!
Thief A: WE HEARD YOU WAS ASKIN'
ABOUT THE BLACK MARKET...
Thief B: SNOOPIN' AROUND
WHERE YOU SHOULDN'T BE SNOOPIN'
IS BAD FOR YOUR HEALTH!
[LAUGHTER]
AH!
TAKE ME TO THE GUY IN CHARGE
OF THIS LITTLE CIRCUS.
HOW 'BOUT WE TAKE
YOU DOWN INSTEAD!?
AH!
♪
Yusei: IS HE AWAKE?
HE'S MOVING.
JACK, YOU WITH US?
WHERE AM I?
I TOLD YOU NOT TO GO
AND DO ANYTHING DUMB
AND WHAT DID YOU DO?
YOU WENT AND YOU
DID SOMETHING DUMB.
I HATE TO SAY "I TOLD YOU
SO," BUT WELL, YOU KNOW.
I'M JUST GLAD
YOU'RE OKAY.
I WAS SO WORRIED
ABOUT YOU, JACK.
I REMEMBER THE FACE OF THE
HUCKSTER WHO SET ME UP.
I CAN PROBABLY GET TO SYD
THROUGH HIM.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
THERE'S NO
"GETTING TO SYD."
YOU ARE NOT
AN OFFICER!
LOOK, JACK...
I'M SORRY ABOUT
WHAT I SAID EARLIER.
I CAN SEE THAT YOU WANNA
DO RIGHT AND ALL, BUT...
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
GETTING YOURSELF INTO.
THIS SYD BARLOW CHARACTER
IS A DANGEROUS CUSTOMER.
YOU'RE LUCKY TO
BE SITTING UP.
MOST GUYS WHO CROSS SYD
END UP LIKE KAZ.
HUH?
♪
AND WHAT ABOUT KAZ?
-HMM?
-IS HE..."LUCKY?"
'COURSE HE IS.
I MEAN, YEAH,
HE, UM...
HE HASN'T GAINED
CONSCIOUSNESS YET,
BUT HE'S AS TOUGH
AS THEY COME.
KNOCK IT OFF, PAL...
STOP PLAYING
COPS AND ROBBERS.
SECTOR SECURITY
IS ON THIS.
JUST LEAVE THE PROFESSIONAL
WORK TO THE PROFESSIONALS.
UH, WHERE YOU GOIN'?
LET HIM GO.
BUT, YUSEI.
COME ON, CROW...
YOU KNOW HOW JACK IS
ONCE HE DECIDES TO GET
ON A DIGNITY KICK.
HE BECOMES IMMUNE
TO COMMON SENSE.
♪
...AND ONE R-4 ENGINE.
THAT'S THE LAST
OF 'EM, GUS.
LET'S GET THESE
BACK TO SYD.
Gus: ROLLIN' OUT, BOYS!
HUH? AH!
REAL CUTE PRANK
YOU PLAYED THIS AFTERNOON.
WHAT'S A' MATTER,
DID YOU NOT GET ENOUGH?
TAKE ME TO SYD...
NOW.
AH! HUH?
HA HA! I AIN'T
TAKIN' YOU TO SYD...
BUT YOU CAN PLAY WITH
ALL HIS FRIENDS IF YOU WANT.
[LAUGHING]
HEY!
AREN'T YOU THAT
JACK ATLAS DUDE?
YEAH. THIS JOKER USED TO BE
SOME KINDA FANCY CHAMPION.
WELL THEN, LET'S
SHOW OUR RESPECT!
AH!
♪
AAAAW! HE'S CONKED
OUT ALREADY.
THAT DIDN'T LAST
VERY LONG.
LET'S GET OUTTA HERE.
STAY AWAY, LOSER!
ENJOY THE NAP, PAL.
♪
I HATE TO BE SAYIN'
THIS, BOSS,
BUT, WITH MORE AND MORE
PEOPLE POKIN' AROUND LATELY,
I THINK WE MIGHT WANNA
START THINKIN' ABOUT
DITCHIN'
NEW DOMINO CITY.
PROBABLY A GOOD CALL,
GUSSY. HA.
BESIDES, I CAN'T IMAGINE
THIS CRUMMY CITY'S
GOT THAT MANY DUEL RUNNERS
LEFT FOR US TO TAKE!
HMM?
JACK ATLAS?
HOW DID YOU FIND
THIS PLACE?
YOU LED ME STRAIGHT HERE.
HUH?!
EH? A TRANSMITTER?
YOU MEAN, WHEN YOU WAS
GRABBIN' AT ME, YOU, YOU...?
HOW COULD YA' BE
SO STUPID, GUS?!
I'M--I'M SORRY, BOSS!
LEAVE THIS LOSER
TO US, SYD.
LET'S GET 'EM, BOYS!
YOU!
THE GAME IS UP, SYD.
I'VE CONTACTED SECURITY
AND GIVEN 'EM THIS LOCATION.
THEY'LL BE HERE ANY MINUTE
NOW WITH BELLS ON.
ARGH!
HA HA! WELL, I GUESS
THAT'S IT THEN.
I GIVE UP! CONSIDER THIS MY
RED HAND WAVING MY WHITE FLAG.
-HUH?
HOWEVER! PROPOSITION--
HOW'S ABOUT YOU AND ME HAVE US
A DUEL BEFORE OUR GUESTS ARRIVE?
YOU'RE CHALLENGING ME?!
THAT'S RIGHT...
BUT NOT NO ORDINARY DUEL.
WHEN YOU'RE IN SYD'S HOUSE,
YA' GOTTA PLAY BY SYD'S RULES.
♪
WE'LL DUEL
ON THESE CONVEYOR BELTS.
LOSE SOME LIFE POINTS,
AND YOU MOVE CLOSER
TO THE TRASH COMPACTOR.
RUN OUTTA LIFE POINTS,
AND INTO THE TRASH
COMPACTOR YOU GO,
AND, WELL, THAT AIN'T
GONNA FEEL TOO GOOD.
YOU'RE DAFT.
WHAT'S IT GONNA BE?
LOOK, I AIN'T GONNA BEND
YOUR ARM OR NOTHIN',
IF YOU'RE TOO SCARED,
YOU'RE TOO SCARED.
SO, IS YA' TOO SCARED?
HEH, DON'T MAKE
ME LAUGH.
I ACCEPT YOUR DUEL!
ALRIGHT! WE'RE BUCKLED IN
AND READY TO RIDE!
AND THERE AIN'T NO GETTIN' OFF
UNTIL ONE OF US GOES OVER!
YA' BETTER HOPE
YOU STILL GOT IT...
"CHAMP."
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
♪
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO TAKE OUT
THE GARBAGE... "CHAMP."
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
I SUMMON MAD ARCHFIEND!
NEXT I'LL PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
I'M UP THEN!
HEH HEH!
I SUMMON ASSAULT WHEEL
IN ATTACK MODE!
TWENTY-THREE HUNDRED
ATTACK POINTS.
THAT'S RIGHT!!
AND ASSAULT WHEEL'S GONNA
USE EVERY LAST ONE OF 'EM!
AND BY ATTACKIN'
MAD ARCHFIEND,
ASSAULT WHEEL FORCES IT
TO COWER IN DEFENSE MODE.
THIS SITUATION WORKS OUT
REALLY GOOD FOR ME,
'CAUSE WHEN ASSAULT WHEEL
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE DIFFERENCE IN POINTS IS
DEALT DIRECTLY TO YOU AS DAMAGE!
HUH?
♪
HEH HEH! HEY, ATLAS
I GOTTA JOKE FOR YA'--
WHAT'S TALL, BORING,
AND MINUTES AWAY FROM BEIN'
TOSSED OUT WITH THE TRASH?
YOU!
[LAUGHTER]
AW, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU!
I'M HERE ALL WEEK.
TRY THE VEAL.
HEY, ATLAS! HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO GO FROM CHAMP TO CHUMP?!
I WOULDN'T START JOKING AROUND
YET IF I WERE YOU, SYD.
I'M JUST GETTING
WARMED UP.
HEH! WHATEVER YOU SAY.
OH, BY THE WAY, NOW THAT ASSAULT
WHEEL HAS ATTACKED A MONSTER,
IT LOSES ALL ITS ATTACK POINTS
UNTIL THE STANDBY PHASE
OF MY NEXT TURN...
SO THAT'S IT FOR ME.
YOUR MOVE, JACK.
AND, WELL, YOU MIGHT
ACTUALLY WANT TO DO
SOMETHIN' THIS TIME, CHAMP.
THANKS FOR THE REMINDER.
I DRAW!
WHEN YOU'VE GOT MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD
AND THERE'S NO MONSTERS
ON MINE,
THEN I CAN SUMMON VICE
DRAGON FROM MY HAND!
BUT WHEN I SUMMON IT
LIKE THAT,
ITS ATTACK AND DEFENSE
POINTS ARE CUT IN HALF.
NEXT I USE THE
POLYMERIZATION SPELL CARD!
AND WITH IT I FUSE
BIG PIECE GOLEM
AND MEDIUM PIECE GOLEM
IN MY HAND...
IN ORDER TO FORM
MULTIPLE PIECE GOLEM!
♪
BUT I'M NOT
STOPPING THERE.
I SUMMON
ARCHFIEND INTERCEPTOR!
AND NOW, MULTIPLE PIECE
GOLEM, ATTACK!
THAT AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN!
I ACTIVATE
MY NIGHTMARE WHEEL TRAP!
NOT ONLY DOES NIGHTMARE WHEEL
PREVENT YOUR PATHETIC
GOLEM FROM ATTACKING...
IT ALSO PREVENTS IT
FROM CHANGING BATTLE MODE.
BUT THAT'S NOT THE BEST OF IT.
SEE, DURING EACH
OF MY STANDBY PHASES,
NIGHTMARE WHEEL DISHES OUT
500 POINTS OF DIRECT DAMAGE.
THAT'S ASSUMING YOU HAVE
ANOTHER STANDBY PHASE!
VICE DRAGON ATTACK!
NOT SO FAST,
I GOT ANOTHER TRAP!
PLUNDER DECOY!
NOW WHEN YOU ATTACK
A MONSTER ON MY FIELD,
I CAN USE THIS LITTLE TRAP
TO GAIN CONTROL OF
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS.
RED ROVER, RED ROVER,
SEND THAT INTERCEPT
DEMON RIGHT OVER.
WHY, YOU--
♪
HA HA!
THIS MONSTER'S SPECIAL
ABILITY'LL COME IN HANDY.
LONG AS I GOT THIS
FINE ATHLETE ON MY FIELD,
YOU'LL GET SACKED FOR
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE
EVERY TIME YOU COME AT ME.
SO WHAT'LL IT BE?
ARE YOU GONNA ATTACK
OR ARE YOU GONNA NOT?
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
YOU'RE WHAT MY GRANDMA'D
CALL "A REAL WIMP."
AND SPEAKIN' OF WIMPS,
HOW'S OFFICER KAZ?
HE ENJOYIN' HIS BED REST?
YOU CRETIN! JUST
FOR THAT REMARK,
I'LL TAKE THE FIVE-HUNDRED
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
DO IT, VICE DRAGON!
HA HA!
YOU'RE GONNA END UP
JUST LIKE KAZ...
ENJOY HAVIN' A TASTE OF YOUR
OWN MONSTER'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
UH!
♪
HA HA!
YOU'RE CLOSER TO THE END,
MY HAS-BEEN FRIEND.
PERHAPS, BUT SO ARE YOU!
♪
UH! ACTUALLY, "CHAMP"
I'M NOT.
MY CONVEYOR BELT HAS A STOPPER
RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE COMPACTOR,
SO EVEN IF I LOSE...
I'LL BE JUST FINE.
HEH, HEH, HEH.
LET US HOPE
FOR YOUR SAKE
THAT SECTOR SECURITY ARRIVES
BEFORE I DEFEAT YOU.
I END MY TURN.
HA HA!
DO YOU SERIOUSLY THINK SECTOR
SECURITY IS GONNA SHOW UP?
IF YOU DO, YOU'RE EVEN
DUMBER THAN I THOUGHT.
WHY'S THAT??
Crow: SO WHERE'S
THIS FACTORY?
Yusei: ACCORDING TO
THE COORDINATES JACK SENT,
IT SHOULD BE
RIGHT IN FRONT OF US.
WELL, IT'S NOT.
ACCORDING TO
THE PIER MANIFEST,
THERE SHOULD BE A HUGE
TANKER DOCKED HERE.
YOU MEAN LIKE A BOAT?
GUESS THAT TELLS US HOW THEY
WERE SMUGGLING THE RUNNERS.
UH...IF THE BOAT'S
NOT HERE...
WHERE IS IT?
♪
WAIT, WHAT?
YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT WE'RE
ACTUALLY ON A BOAT RIGHT NOW?
AND THAT WE'RE
OUT TO SEA?
YUP! THIS IS THE SYD BARLOW
LUXURY CRUISE LINE.
TRY TO RELAX AND HAVE A GOOD
TIME AND ENJOY YOURSELF
AND DON'T THINK TOO MUCH
ABOUT HOW THIS IS A, UH...
A ONE-WAY TRIP.
NOW LET US CONTINUE!
I DRAW!
IT'S TIME TO ACTIVATE NIGHTMARE
WHEEL'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
DURING EACH OF
MY STANDBY PHASES,
YOU TAKE 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
♪
AND NOW, I SUMMON THE
CANNON WHEEL TUNER MONSTER
TO THE FIELD!
♪
INFURIATING.
AW, DON'T GET
ALL UPSET, JACK,
THIS IS HOW I DO THINGS,
IT'S MY NATURE.
I MEAN, SO WHAT IF I STOLE
YOUR INTERCEPT DEMON,
AT LEAST I USE
WHAT I'VE TAKEN.
CHECK IT!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
COMBAT WHEEL!
♪
Duel Runner Computer:
COMBAT WHEEL IS A LEVEL 6
EARTH ATTRIBUTE SYNCHRO MONSTER
WITH 2500 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1200 DEFENSE POINTS.
AND GUESS WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN CANNON WHEEL
IS PART OF A SUCCESSFUL
SYNCHRO SUMMONING!
IT DISHES OUT 500 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE!
HA HA!
YOU'RE ALMOST AT THE END
OF THE LINE, JACK!
NEXT AND LAST STOP
IS SMASHVILLE!
HA HA!
THIS HAS BEEN A BLAST, CHAMP,
IT REALLY HAS.
BUT I'M AFRAID IT'S TIME
TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
RIGHT NOW!
MY COMBAT WHEEL IS GONNA
ELIMINATE YOUR VICE DRAGON!
I ACTIVATE THE NIGHTMARE
ARCHFIENDS TRAP!
WITH THIS, I CAN
RELEASE VICE DRAGON.
AND THEN SUMMON
THREE NIGHTMARE
ARCHFIEND TOKENS
ONTO YOUR FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
♪
HUH!! A NARROW ESCAPE,
CHAMP.
BUT YOU'RE JUST STALLING
AT THIS POINT.
I'M NOW ACTIVATIN'
THE BLOCK DUGOUT SPELL CARD!
WHEN THE COMBINED LEVELS
OF ALL THE MONSTERS ON MY FIELD
ARE GREATER THAN
THE COMBINED LEVELS
OF ALL THE MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD...
THEN YOU CAN'T ATTACK!
SO THANKS FOR GIVIN' ME
THREE LEVEL 6 MONSTERS.
THAT WAS NICE OF YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME! UH!
I SUMMON SINISTER
SPROCKET TO THE FIELD!
AND NOW THAT IT'S
OUT AND ABOUT,
I CAN TUNE
MY SINISTER SPROCKET
WITH MY
MULTIPLE PIECE GOLEM
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
CHAOS KING ARCHFIEND!
♪
THIS IS FOR YOU, KAZ!
YOU!
YOU MANAGED TO OBLITERATE
MY NIGHTMARE WHEEL
BY GETTIN' RID OF
MULTIPLE PIECE GOLEM.
THAT WAS JUST
THE BEGINNING.
WHEN SINISTER
SPROCKET IS USED
TO SUMMON A DARK ATTRIBUTE
SYNCHRO MONSTER...
I CAN USE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
TO DESTROY ONE FACEUP SPELL
OR TRAP CARD ON THE FIELD.
I HOPE YOU WEREN'T TOO ATTACHED
TO THAT BLOCK DUGOUT SPELL!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'VE GOT
NOTHING TO HIDE BEHIND NOW!
YEAH! THAT'S WHAT
YOU THINK, CHAMP.
I ACTIVATE
COMBAT WHEEL'S ABILITY!
WITH THIS, I CAN GIVE
HALF THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ALL THE MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD TO COMBAT WHEEL.
GAME OVER, CHAMP!
♪
THIS IS GONNA BE
A CRUSHING BLOW, CHAMP,
BUT IT'S NOTHING COMPARED
TO THE CRUSH YOU'LL EXPERIENCE
ONCE YOU LOSE!
MY COMBAT WHEEL
IS UNSTOPPABLE!
AND BECAUSE OF
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY,
YOU CAN'T ATTACK ANY OTHER
MONSTER ON MY FIELD!
THERE'S NOTHIN' YOU CAN DO,
ATLAS. YOU'RE DONE.
I DESPISE PUNKS
LIKE YOU!
YOU THINK YOU CAN TAKE
WHATEVER YOU WANT
AND HURT WHOEVER
YOU WANT TO.
WELL, NOT ANYMORE...
YOU'RE DONE!
CHAOS KING ARCHFIEND!
ATTACK COMBAT WHEEL!
HA. MAN!
WHEN WE FALL, WE FALL HARD,
DON'T WE, "CHAMP?"
I MEAN LOOK AT YOU!
YOU'VE SET YOUR ONLY MONSTER
ON A DOOMED COLLISION COURSE!
NOT QUITE...
CHAOS KING ARCHFIEND
IS GONNA BE JUST FINE
'CAUSE WHEN IT ATTACKS,
IT SWITCHES YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS.
WHAT?!
YA' MEAN IT'S GONNA WIN?!
THAT'S RIGHT, SYD.
IT'S GONNA WIN.
♪
ARGH! AH!
THAT'S NOT ALL!
WHEN COMBAT WHEEL
IS DESTROYED...
DUE TO YOUR WHEEL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
ALL NIGHTMARE ARCHFIEND
TOKENS ON YOUR FIELD
ARE DESTROYED AS WELL.
AND BECAUSE OF NIGHTMARE
ARCHFIEND TOKEN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH ONE YOU DESTROYED.
END OF THE RIDE, SYD!
AH!
♪
AAH! UH!
FOOLED AGAIN, CHAMP!
JOKE'S ON YOU! I RIGGED A
STOPPER ON MY CONVEYOR BELT.
I AIN'T GOIN' OVER.
♪
Gus: THE STOPPER BROKE!
AAH!
AH! AH!
COME HERE, YOU BABY.
♪
AAH!
THAT DOES IT!
TIME TO TRASH THAT GUY!
♪
HUH?
JACK!
HEY. WHAT TOOK YOU
GUYS SO LONG?
Carly: DID YOU TAKE OUT
ALL THESE GUYS BY YOURSELF?
♪
Jack: I BELIEVE THIS BELONGS
TO YOU, OFFICER KAZ.
MY CARD.
IT'S BECAUSE OF THAT
THAT I WAS ABLE TO WIN.
I GOTTA SAY, JACK,
IT'S A GREAT THING
YOU'VE DONE FOR THE CITY,
CATCHING SYD'S GANG.
SOMEONE HAD TO SINCE
YOUR LOT COULDN'T DO IT.
Trudge:
OH, LAY OFF, WILL YA?
BUT SERIOUSLY THOUGH,
THANKS TO THE INFO WE
UNCOVERED ON THAT TANKER,
WE WERE ABLE TO MAKE
20 MORE ARRESTS
AND SERIOUSLY CRIPPLE
THE BLACK MARKET.
GLAD I COULD HELP.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY,
JACK?
AFTER I HEAL UP
A LITTLE BIT,
WILL YOU HONOR ME
WITH A TURBO DUEL?
I NEVER TURN DOWN A DUEL.
YOU JUST NAME THE TIME
AND THE PLACE,
AND I'LL BE THERE.
HUH. YOU GOT IT.
♪